docs/software/versions.md, before:

Following versions of the on-device firmware can be found in the wild (oldest versions first):

## Genesis
Version `genesis` is the first version of the software on top of the BigBoards hex. It provides a web-based management console and uses serf to communicate between the nodes. Tints are running inside an LXC container as a whole operating system. Problems with the stability of Genesis led to the creation of Feniks.

## Feniks
Starting with version `feniks`, we changed the tint system to use docker instead of LXC. The main reason for this were the strange things we were seeing when working with LXC containers. Sometimes containers wouldn't start, or were started but not available to connect to. In short, a lot of issues we tried to solve.

And then it happened. News started pouring in that some guys had managed to get docker running on ARM. For us this was quite big news since we started experimenting with docker on ARM a few months before. The first tests we did already proved docker to be a more stable solution then LXC.

## Ember
Version `ember` is an intermediate release, building further upon Docker as application virtualisation technology for our Tints. Ember has numerous bug fixes to render you Hex more stable as before!

## Gemini
Version `gemini` is our twins release, finally officializing **nHex** as our new model of your personal cluster! nHex is the same type of 6-node personal cluster but centered around **Intel NUC** as platform for compute nodes. We have models available with Intel i3, i5 and i7 processors with 8GB or 16GB or RAM per node!!!

## v1.3
From version `v1.3`onward, your devices and the **Library** with its **Apps** are managed from the central **Hive**. You can find it at <http://hive.bigboards.io>.   

Also note that we are moving away from naming our releases with code names in favor of **semantic versioning** our releases. This allows for easier integration with the infrastructure tooling that we use and embed in the Hexes.

Commit message:

add command to identify firmware version

docs/software/versions.md, after:

Different versions of the on-device firmware can be found in the wild. The list underneath is chronologically ordered, oldest versions first. 

To check the firmware version of your device, you can run this command on the first node of your Hex: 

`grep bigboards /etc/apt/sources.list | cut -d' ' -f3`

## Genesis
Version `genesis` is the first version of the software on top of the BigBoards Hexes. It provides a web-based management console and uses [Serf](http://serfdom.io) to communicate between the nodes. Apps are running inside an [LXC container](https://linuxcontainers.org/) as a whole operating system. This setup proved not to be the most stable of solutions. 

## Feniks
So, we build the app system on [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) instead of [LXC](https://linuxcontainers.org/). It was quite a struggle to get docker running on top of [ARM chip architecture](http://www.arm.com/) and [the Wandboard platform](http://wandboard.org/)! Docker proved to be much more stable then LXC.

## Ember
Version `ember` is an intermediate release, building further upon [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) as application virtualisation technology for our Apps. Ember has numerous bug fixes to stabilize your Hex!

## Gemini
This is our twins release: finally officializing **nHex** as our new model of your personal cluster! nHex is the same type of 6-node personal cluster but centered around [Intel NUC](http://www.intel.com/nuc/) as platform. We have [models available](http://bigboards.io/orderprototype) with Intel i3, i5 and i7 processors with 8GB or 16GB or RAM per node!!!

## v1.3
From version `v1.3` onward, your devices and the **Library** with its **Apps** are managed from the central **Hive**. You can find it at <http://hive.bigboards.io>.   

Also note that we are moving away from naming our releases with code names in favor of **semantic versioning** our releases. This allows for easier integration with the infrastructure tooling that we use and embed in the Hexes.
