docs/bootstrap.md, before:

# Bootstrapping your device

**Boostrapping** is actually initialising your Hex from scratch. It encompasses 3 steps: 

1. Burning bootable images on all 6 SD cards of your device
1. Bringing the system to the latest level of the firmware
1. Verifying proper functioning of your device

> **WARNING**
> 
> We boostrap your Hex for you in our labs!!! So, unless you have been **explicitly asked by us** to rebootstrap your device,  you should NEVER execute this procedure yourself!!!


## Burning SD cards
We have build a project to generate the SD cards on a laptop. Our supported environment is a laptop running Ubuntu (14.4) with an integrated SD card reader. 

> All our tests to burn SD cards with an USB dongle failed miserably. We have no clue why. However, this could allow us to generate 6 SD cards fully in parallel!

1. Clone the bigboards-bootstrap project at `http://bitbucket.org/bigboards/bigboards-bootstrap.git`
1. Adjust the file `groupvars/all` to 
	1. suit your environment regarding SD card reader which is defined under the `disk` section, specifically `dev` and `part`
	1. configure the script to generate SD cards for a specific Hex under the `hex` section, specifically `name` and `id`
1. Run the `./setup.sh [1..6]` script for each SD card 
1. Insert the generated SD cards in order in your Hex. 
	1. The 1st card is for the master node, i.e. the node where the network uplink is connected.
	1. The 2nd until 6th card are inserted in clockwise order when looking at the hex from the top

![Hex and order of nodes](hex-nodes.svg)

## Update your Hex to the latest firmware level
After you generated your SD cards for your Hex, it is initialised at firmware v1.0. So we need to bring it to the latest level of the firmware before we can start installing e.g. the `bb CLI` or anything else.

1. Login to your master node
	1. Connect it to your LAN
	1. Connect it to power
	1. `ssh bb@<hex>.hex.bigboards.io`
1. Check your current firmware version on the [versions](./versions.md) page
	1. `grep bigboards /etc/apt/sources.list | cut -d' ' -f3`
	1. `sudo vim /etc/apt/sources.list`
	1. `deb http://apt.bigboards.io/ <version> main` as last line
1. Run these commands to install the updater and MMC into the latest version
	1. `sudo apt-get update`
	1. `sudo apt-get install bigboards-cli`
	1. `bb system bootstrap`
	1. `bb firmware upgrade <version>`
	1. `bb firmware update`
1. If your internal network is on a conflichting range, you can switch the IP range
	1. `bb network switch xxx.yyy.zzz` to choose the network subnet you like to use.
	1. Normally your Hex is initialized to `10.20.xyz` where `xyz` is the Hex's number in our backoffice application (Podio)

## Verify proper functioning of your Hex
After the initialisation in the previous step, your Hex should be at the required firmware and fully operational. 

Verify your Hex by 

1. browse to the management console `http://<hex>.hex.bigboards.io:7000`
1. check that all your nodes are visible in the dashboard
1. can you access all your nodes via SSH?

Commit message:

Add bb system init as bootstrapping step

docs/bootstrap.md, after:

# Bootstrapping your device

**Boostrapping** is actually initialising your Hex from scratch. It encompasses 3 steps: 

1. Burning bootable images on all 6 SD cards of your device
1. Bringing the system to the latest level of the firmware
1. Verifying proper functioning of your device

> **WARNING**
> 
> We boostrap your Hex for you in our labs!!! So, unless you have been **explicitly asked by us** to rebootstrap your device,  you should NEVER execute this procedure yourself!!!


## Burning SD cards
We have build a project to generate the SD cards on a laptop. Our supported environment is a laptop running Ubuntu (14.4) with an integrated SD card reader. 

> All our tests to burn SD cards with an USB dongle failed miserably. We have no clue why. However, this could allow us to generate 6 SD cards fully in parallel!

1. Clone the bigboards-bootstrap project at `http://bitbucket.org/bigboards/bigboards-bootstrap.git`
1. Adjust the file `groupvars/all` to 
	1. suit your environment regarding SD card reader which is defined under the `disk` section, specifically `dev` and `part`
	1. configure the script to generate SD cards for a specific Hex under the `hex` section, specifically `name` and `id`
1. Run the `./setup.sh [1..6]` script for each SD card 
1. Insert the generated SD cards in order in your Hex. 
	1. The 1st card is for the master node, i.e. the node where the network uplink is connected.
	1. The 2nd until 6th card are inserted in clockwise order when looking at the hex from the top

![Hex and order of nodes](hex-nodes.svg)

## Update your Hex to the latest firmware level
After you generated your SD cards for your Hex, it is initialised at firmware v1.0. So we need to bring it to the latest level of the firmware before we can start installing e.g. the `bb CLI` or anything else.

1. Login to your master node
	1. Connect it to your LAN
	1. Connect it to power
	1. `ssh bb@<hex>.hex.bigboards.io`
1. Check your current firmware version on the [versions](./versions.md) page
	1. `grep bigboards /etc/apt/sources.list | cut -d' ' -f3`
	1. `sudo vim /etc/apt/sources.list`
	1. `deb http://apt.bigboards.io/ <version> main` as last line
1. Run these commands to install the updater and MMC into the latest version
	1. `sudo apt-get update`
	1. `sudo apt-get install bigboards-cli`
	2. `bb system init` which asks for your Hex's name and number of nodes
	1. `bb system bootstrap`
	1. `bb firmware upgrade <version>`
	1. `bb firmware update`
1. If your internal network is on a conflichting range, you can switch the IP range
	1. `bb network switch xxx.yyy.zzz` to choose the network subnet you like to use.
	1. Normally your Hex is initialized to `10.20.xyz` where `xyz` is the Hex's number in our backoffice application (Podio)

## Verify proper functioning of your Hex
After the initialisation in the previous step, your Hex should be at the required firmware and fully operational. 

Verify your Hex by 

1. browse to the management console `http://<hex>.hex.bigboards.io:7000`
1. check that all your nodes are visible in the dashboard
1. can you access all your nodes via SSH?
